**Date:** 23rd October 2018

**Time:** 7:30pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** _Forgot to record this time._

# Attendance

Committee members in attendance

- Jen
- James P
- James M
- Anna
- Kevin
- Stevie
- Samson

# JS Committee Meeting - 23.10.2018

## Summary from last time
  * Conference update (not happening this year).
  * Anna looking at conference for next year.

## Conference update 2019
  * Anna has people who are eager.
  * Already started to look into dates and venue.
  * Looking into June/July at the moment.
  * Looking at uni holidays but not school holidays at this point.
  * Looking into Victoria as a venue.
  * Most likely conference for next year.
  * June seemed like the only open time available.
  * Jen: Bearing in mind holding donated money over the tax year.
  * Jen: Existing docs on venue available but might need slight update in numbers.
  
## We haven't done an AGM this year.
  * We are behind and need to get on that.
  * Need to find a solution for voting on AGMs.

## Slack history
  * There is a Discord channel alternative
  * No one on the JS Committee has really looked into it
  * Hard to register as a charity due to it being US centric
  
## Minutes from last meeting
  * Still needs to be done (by Samson)

## JS Meetup is going well
  * Had good speakers and good people volunteering
  * Having ordered food makes it much easier to organise and maintain a meetup

_[Technical difficulty interlude]_

## Financial report
  * A bit of a loss at the moment ($77.62)
  * A few Stripe renews have failed
  * Javascript Conf still has balance
  * Membership fees still in there.
  * Overall the bank balance covers the profit/loss balance quite well.
  * GST needs to be paid soon by James.
