**Date:** 18th July 2018

**Time:** ?

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMC4oPGcv10)

Attendance
===

Committee members in attendance

* Owen
* Stevie
* James M
* Craig
* Anna

JS Committee Meeting - 18.07.2018
===

Summary from last time
---

* Conference update (not happening this year).
* Anna looking at conference for next year.

Javascript Conf 2017/2018
---

* Conference not going to happen in Auckland due to lack of on the ground help
* Anna keen on holding the conference in Wellington
* The original idea was to have the conference go to different NZ cities but it is proving harder to do at the moment due to not enough team support on the ground in each city
* A bit easier in Wellington due to people, docs and resources available.
* Looking at March-ish
* Anna happy to help facilitate a team
* Stevie: Happy as long as there it is more than one person holding it
* James M: Worth talking to Jen about it first
* Owen: Ideally we would move the conference around but better to have it regular first
* Owen: Give Anna four weeks to explore the idea of a Wellington conf in March
* Anna: Will look into enthusiasm of community support. Can't do it alone or lead it.
* Vote - Unanimous
* Craig: Why didn't we make it an official "JSConf"
* Anna: We contacted them but they could not meet to an agreement
* Craig: If interested, has contacts willing to talk to them.
* Discussion around pros and cons of going back to JSConf given our existing brand and docs

Financials
---

* James
  * Has looked at Stripe subscriptions
  * Small number of student subscriptions
  * Subscriptions are starting to come up for the first time
  * No way of automatically following up on failed renewals
* Owen - Willing to manually follow up
* Anna: Didn't get a follow up email about failed credit card transaction

Wrap up
---

* Need to follow up with more regular meetings
