Date: 06 March 2017

Time: 8pm

Location: Google Hangouts

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWtrvHtSJkU

# Agenda

1. Greetings :smile:
2. Conference status update (Steveie)
3. Treasurer handover (James P)
4. Farewells :wave:

# Attendance

Committee members in attendance:
* Anna
* Stevie
* James P
* James M
* Jen
* Owen

# Minutes

## Conference status update (Steveie)

Main blocking thing at the moment is if we want to run in in Auckland we arenâ€™t going to be able to run it with two streams due to issues getting a venue. Canveat is that we can do that but we are talking about one room that fits thousands and one room that fit a couple hundred.

Need to decide whether we instead want to run in as a single track or in another location.

Venues we have looked at is Sky City, Aotea centre, Auckland convention and events, and have also contacted AUT and Auckland Uni. Best option out of that was ASB (but was 2200 in the main room)

No response from AUT. Auckland Uni was inflexible in there schedule

As weâ€™re already in March weâ€™re running a bit late to get something this side of June. Owenâ€™s mentioned concern around cadence (i.e would like to still run this every year instead of every two years).

Historical perspective - the two track format was so that we could have in depth technical talks along with talks more suited to newcomers - still considered an important feature.

Keynotes were organised with around 4 months of notice.

Still looking at 4 to 6 months lead time. Which means if we wanted to run it this year then itâ€™d have to be later on (like Sept, Oct)

If we were to go single track, we would be able to suss wither the Aotea centre. That has a larger room plus a breakout space (for if we wanted to run NodeBots or something). 

We could look at downsizing the conference but then weâ€™re limiting the number of people that could attend.

Jen & Owen - really want two tracks, but is that more important than having one in Auckland? Really important to have one this year.

Anna - could Steve just check whatâ€™s available for a single track in October/November? And if that doesnâ€™t work we could rethink it but if it does work then yay ðŸ˜ƒ At a stretch we could look at moving that out to early next year.

Make sure we avoid KiwiCon (17th/18th November)

## Treasurer handover (James P)

At the moment the handover has been pretty frustrating as schedules donâ€™t really match up. Alex is super busy with jobs and weddings, and James P has also been very busy.

Will need to have this sorted by the end of March

Neither Owen or James P have access to the accounts. Owen has filled out the accounts but nothing has happened from ASB.

James P thinks he has access to Xero but if not then Owen will sort the access out. He has been getting treasurer emails (thanks Jen!)

## Farewells

:wave:




