**Date:** 7th May 2017

**Time:** 8pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqEeh4MIfC8)

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
- Owen
- Jen
- Stevie
- Samson

# Minutes

# Round of introductions ðŸ‘‹

# [Next year's conference](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/55)
- Nobody met the deadline
- Considering options
- Jen might prod some people that were interested and see if potentially interested people might still be willing with a bit more info
- Took 6 days of annual leave, 60 hours, 3 - 4 weekends
- Lots of work for 1 person but not so bad with a more than one person organising
- Lots of the original work will be easier the second time around
- Going to try again because having a second event is key to keeping it going

# Annual Return
- Owen wanted to talk thought but need Alex for it so will have to wait this time
- Owen is doing to take it on some of the work so it doesn't all fall on Alex
- When we announce the AGM will do so with requisite amount of time (see last meetings notes)

# Open to the floorâ€¦
- Jen might be be able to take a look though some of the Gihub issues soon
- Owen proposed we have a process where we check them out and clear them the week before a meeting
- Short meeting today

# Goodbye ðŸ‘‹
