**Date:** 6th June 2017

**Time:** 8pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVVgevGKwjY)

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
- Owen
- Alex
- Anna
- Kevin
- Stevie

# Financial Update
- We paid our GST
- Dale now as all the details he needs (final statements, etc.)
- Soon as it is done it will be distributed to all the Committee members
- If it is sorted then we can announce AGM
- Got the End of Year returns for the previous financial year
- Accounts are looking good
- Paid accountant for last year but still need to pay for this year (approx. $400)

# AGM
- Looking at end of July for our AGM to give 30 days notice for voting
- We'll put up notice of Committee positions
- Want to give plenty of time for people to nominate and vote
- Owen to select some days (looking at end of July for AGM)
- Nominate people (like yourselves) and need to be seconded
- Github voting might should work again but there are a lot more non-members on Slack at the moment.

# Membership and renewal
- We should do a push for membership
- There will be be a renewal request for membership
- Owen to send out an email reminder

# Sate of the Conference
- Not much info as Jen isn't here
- Murmuring of it in Auckland JS
- Might have been some issues on how it was to be run
- Stevie has tentatively put up his hand with support from others
- Likely to be an Auckland based conference at this point

# Code of Conduct (Issues [#1](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/61) [#2](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/62) [#3](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/63))
- There were CoC breaches in the Slack channel this week
- People don't know about about the Society or the Code of Conduct
- Would be good to have a Code of Conduct check required to sign up to the Slack
- We should do a wide announcement on regarding the Society and Code of Conduct on Slack
- Good to have reminders on Slack channel (maybe bot?)
- Samson is going to draft a CoC reminder
- Thinking about members that can be a moderators
- We need both both guides, roles and requirements for both moderators and admins
- Suggested Actions
  1. Add moderators
  2. Committee members vote on them
  3. Put info in your name if you are a mod
  4. Will have group to members and committee to discuss
  5. Have guidelines, re what to do immediately
- Once the above is set up hopefully it will improve response timelines but we will also revisit it.
