**Date:** 9th July 2017

**Time:** 8pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iO1ELTwuYk&feature=youtu.be)

# Attendance

Committee members in attendance

- Owen

- Alex
- James
- Craig
- Jen
- Kevin
- Stevie
- Samson

# Last meetings action points

- Talked about Annual Review
  - It is in
  - Now have to deal with AGM
- Conference
- Code of Conduct
  - Talked about community moderator 
  - Guidelines around moderator actions
  - Ping on the general channel

# Moderators

- Have announce the issue on Slack
- Doubled up on issue, need to close one
- Should ping on Slack again, couple times a week
- Consider the bot for some of that stuff but need people

# Financial Return/Annual Report

- Will wait till finalised one
- Will be emailed around
- Will need to be accepted by the AGM
- Need to fix committee members, and address
- So far it looks good
- August 12th-13th-ish
  - Owen will send out Doodle to get time
  - Need to announce nominations 30 days before
  - Last year's process was ok, might need to talk about voting for it
  - Alex will send about the report

# Change of Society Address

- Changing the Society's address to Alex's address
  - Voted on and passed

# JS Conference 2018 update

- Stevie running the next JS Conf in Auckland
  - Work and Jen is backing the organisation
- Stevie and one other person are quite involved
- Once venue is secured will move along
- Jen is going to help with the funding for people needing financial assistance
- Once that stuff is more sorted then there will be more of an announcement and call for help.
- Some people were wondering about the format
- Voted on Stevie running
  - Passed

# Shared Passwords

- James making improvements to website
- Showed issues with password management
- Do we need everyone to have access?
  - Might not need everyone to have access
  - Have to consider vacation time
  - Is it worth it vs spending money on other things
- Going to take it offline, and sort out the passwords

# Website Updates

- James has set up Stripe subscription stuff
- Would like to get it live and tested tomorrow
- Alex just needs to be aware that it is happening so they can be coded
- User can sign up
  - Give details
  - Then CC details though Stripe
  - Comes off CC, then again in 12 months
  - Will get remainder emails for cancelation
- Will have a source of truth in Keystone
  - Will consolidate from existing customers from Xero
- Need to support coupon codes to forgive fees
  - Going to manually keep note of people that are not in the system and get them in next year
  - Will work on coupon codes in another update at another time
- Voted on James realeasing it tomorrow
  - Passed

# GST Return

- It has been filed and it looks all good
- Was late but got sorted by the accountant
  - New bill for accountant yet to pay

# Misc.

- Some outstanding PRs on meeting minutes
  - Now merged
- Stevie looking for feedback and help re conf
