**Date:** 2nd April 2017

**Time:** 8pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Kt65m8Js_k&feature=youtu.be)

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
- Owen
- Alex
- Anna
- Craig
- James
- Jen
- Kevin
- Samson

# Minutes

# Round of introductions ðŸ‘‹

# Status of financials / 2016 taxation - Alex
- $102.96 paid for 2016 tax
- Discounted rates ~$317 for delay
- Shifted accountants to Dale (from Charmaine at Enspiral Accounting)
- We will have to pay a bit of tax as there is a bit of a balance
- Need to line up things for Anual General Meeting (AGM)

# [Post conference retro](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/55) - Jen
- Was a success!
- Bit or money left over.
- Jen has put together a comprensive guide.
- Application process for people that want to run it next.
- Put together a survey to gather feedback.
- Voted on the above and it was a unanimous yay.

# [Transcription of videos](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/58) - Alex
- Putting transcription of NZ JS Con on hold till after GST is paid.

# [Speaking at overseas conferences fund](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/57) - Anna
- Thinking about having a pool of money avaliable for travel expenses.
- Only heard of this for academic conferences not industry ones so far.
- The fund would be for speaking engagements for NZ JS exposure.
- Next step looking for for how to fund, selection criteria, and if there are other things like it out there to draw from.

# [Societies neutrality](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/56) - Kevin
- As a result of a Tweet the quesion was raised if the Committee should be natural on all topics.
- Jen noted what we are not already just by having a Code of Conduct.
- Jen also noted an anecdotal story about grey areas.
- Talked about dealing with it on a case-by-case basis.
- Anna brought up that we have an opinion about something when we have to make a dicission.
- Those message should be made as a commette not one person.

# [Status update on reocurring subscriptions](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/54) - James
- James is working on it and looking into automated subscriptions.
- We will get the commettee pushed though once that is set up.

# [Forming working groups to grow our community](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/59) - Alex
- After the call-to-action at Alex's NZ JS Con there as a big response.
- Thinking about forming working groups base on themes Alex is starting to notice.
- Topics so far:
  - Inclusivity
    - Need to take notes about what has worked and didn't work with Node JS one.
  - Mentorship
    - Considering a Meet-up that can be copied in other cities
  - Education
    - Lots of people doing great things already.
    - Teaching at different levels.
  - Networking
    - People wanting to know how do I run a Meetup?
- Jen suggested using some sort of consensus or online based tool to sort.
- James talked about using Github tags
- Owen and Jen said Code of Conduct violations can be escalated to us and there is a reporting channel.

# Open to the floorâ€¦

## AGM (Annual General Meeting)
- First Sunday in May we will dicsuss again.
- We need to give 30 days notice.

# Goodbye ðŸ‘‹
