# AGM 2018/2019

Date: 3rd March 2019

Time: 8pm

Location: Google Hangouts

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN1Ogf2EIlw

## Attendance

Committee members in attendance:
* Owen - President (Chair of meeting)
* Samson - Secretary
* Anna
* James M
* James P
* Jen
* Stevie
* Craig

## Minutes

#### Introductions to current committee members

#### President's statement:

>Hey all,
First off I want to thank all the departing committee members for their support keeping this society running this year. We've certainly been thrown a few curve balls this year, from NodeBots not running to trying to get another JavaScript conference off the ground, we've been sent plenty of challenges and people have stepped up to support when ever they've been thrown our way, so for all your support and time I thank you.
>
>JavaScript NZ is a society that wouldn't be anything without members, we rely on support to keep operations going as we try and form a mature step in the society and keep a welcoming and open space for JavaScript developers across NZ to collaborate and talk, so to all our members we say thanks so much for being part of the journey.
>
>2019 is going to be an interesting year, we really want to get another conference off the ground and rely on supporters and volunteers to help with all these efforts. We're going to need the whole community to come together to help us get that off the ground. We look forward to a great 2019 with our incoming committee and members.
>
>Many thanks to all of you
>
>Owen
>
>Chair
>
>Javascript NZ

### Financial statement:

[Link to statement](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Documentation/blob/master/financials/JavaScript%20New%20Zealand%20-%20Financial%20Report.pdf).

The statement was accepted with 8 votes.

### Voting for committee nominees:

Nominees were as per the 2019 issues at the [election repo](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/committee-election/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed).

#### James Pluck for General Member

Passed with 10 votes.

#### Fabian Cook for General Member

Passed with 10 votes.

Note: Fabian put himself forwards for the open Treasurer position during the meeting, this will be ratified at the next committee meeting.

#### aurynn shaw for General Member

Passed with 11 votes.

#### Kevin Isom for General Member

Passed with 11 votes.

#### Owen Evans for President

Passed with 10 votes.

#### Jen Zajac for Secretary

Passed with 10 votes.

### Farewell and thank you to outgoing committee members

Thank you to Anna, James M, Samson, Craig and Stevie for their efforts on the committee over the last year.

### Reminder that members can raise issues for discussion by the committee

https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues
