**Date:** 19th March 2019

**Time:** 8:30pm

**Location:** Google Hangouts

**Video:** [Link to recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8lZVIzmZM8)

# Attendance

Committee members in attendance

- Owen
- Jen
- Fabian
- James
- Kevin
- Aurynn

# JS Committee Meeting - 19.03.2019

## Committee introductions

* Housekeeping
* Ratified Fabian as Treasurer - all committee members voted in favour.
* Some further work to do to set up required access for Fabian to e.g. bank account

## Issues

### [2019 AGM #74](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/74)

* AGM was completed successfully, minutes are at [this link](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/blob/master/2019/AGM-2019-03-06.md).

### [Get history on Slack #47](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/47)

* Discussion of investigation so far - need to be a charity to get a proper account
* Potential alternative - offline logging? Fabian to investigate if this would meet requirements.

### [Create a better on boarding process so people are aware of our society code of conduct and rules #61](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/61)

* This issue originally added a tickbox to the public member signup process to ensure members accepted the CoC
* While this now works, it doesn't help with bot signups, for which we have been seeing an uptick, nor does it actually ensure the CoC has been read
* Self sign-up has been temporarily disabled, Owen is investigating a better solution - there is a Slack app that can help with a semi-automated (but requiring signoff from a human mod) process

### [Transcription of the nz.js(con) videos? #58](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/58)

* Jen explained how she had good intentions for this but sadly due to lack of time had stalled out after fixing the first video. It might be possible to hire a service but she didn't find an easy way of doing so. The auto transcriptions do exist in the meantime, although the quality is not amazing.
* Quite a lot of time has passed - we decided it would be better to try and make this a priority for the next conference, potentially via a real-time transcription service that could also help attendees at the conference.
* James did wonder at the possibility of pick up some of the outstanding transcription to work on, Jen to follow up with him.

### [Better password management for Society accounts #72](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/72)

* Jen spend a while investigating this some time ago - it turned out to be not straightforwards as most paid services have per user pricing which is a chunk of $$$.
* A cruder solution may be the best option, for e.g. a keypass file that is sync'd via Google Drive
* Passbolt (open source) might also work, but would require self hosting
* It would be good to be able to cycle credentials periodically
* Kevin to investigate/set up the new solution, Jen to undertake cycling creds and adding to new solution when set up


### [Speaking at overseas conferences fund #57](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/57)

* We currently don't have funds for this, it could be something that we could look to get sponsorship for, but we would need someone to step up to lead this effort [secretary's note: said person does not have to be on the committee, get in touch if this is something you're keen to work on with our help]
* Closing this for now

### [Learning materials - How can we best handle these? #38](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/38)

* We think they are successfully housed at EDA now, closing this.

### [Forming working groups to address areas needing improvement #59](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/59)

* A lot of this did get followed up on e.g. Winter Mentor, closing this issue [secretary's note - but if people want to raise other specifics please feel free to do so].

##  [Moderation process #78 (for the slack channel)](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/78)

* Fabian raises the issue that we should have a common process for moderators
* Owen is putting in tooling for messaging a moderators channel (so people can reach out to mods as a group rather than having to email or message individuals)
* We should ask to try and get more moderators as per https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/66 but need to spread that message in the slack channel itself rather than just in an issue - we should also be vetting potential mods somehow
* Ideally we would have a moderation guide
* Do exiting community docs exist for moderation that we could use as a starting point? - Aurynn and James had some suggestions, which they will follow up and report back
* Owen with create a draft for discussion
* When onboarding mods, ensure that they aware of bias and CoC guidance, and given the support they need
* Why do we need to spread the moderation around? Want to avoid burnout
* We aren't going to be able to manage 24/7 coverage, need to set that expectation, but having more mods available will help

## Other business

### nz.js(con);

* Brief recap of current state of play - it was originally mooted that the 2019 Wellington reboot would be mid-year, the timing seems tight on that now
* James to follow up with Anna about where conference prep got to, so we can discuss next meeting
* https://jsfest.nz/ is also a thing (not much detail available as yet though), James is trying to find out more to see if there is any overlap/ways we can help
