**Date:** 6th August 2019

**Time:** 7:30pm

**Location:** Zoom

**Video:** [Link to recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ueFri34QOw&feature=youtu.be)

## Attendance

Committee members in attendance

- Owen
- Jen
- Fabian
- Kevin
- Aurynn
- James

# JS Committee Meeting - 06.08.2019

## Issues

This meeting was primarily a discussion of whether it would be a good idea to
wind up the Incorporated Society, given the current lack of ongoing Society
projects.

We talked about some of the original goals of the society, and that we have seen
a dwindling interest in Committee involvement, and whether we are still meeting
our purpose.

We discussed that getting rid of the Incorporated Society infrastructure would
not necessarily mean a shuttering of some of the ongoing things the Society
provides, for example the Slack channel, but it would be a way of being able to
avoid some of the accounting and member management burden.

The Slack channel would still need to have a management process in place even if
the Society is wound up.

We looked at what would be involved in moving forwards with closing the
Incorporated Society, which is detailed in [this
link](http://www.societies.govt.nz/cms/incorporated-societies/ending-an-incorporated-society/liquidation).
Broadly speaking, two full general meetings would be required, plus the
appointment of an offical liquidator. We believe the Society still has
sufficient funds to be able to cover this.

We talked about what would need to happen in order for the liquidation not to be
the outcome. This might involve other members stepping forwards to be involved in things.

Fabian mooted that he might be interested in picking up the Nodebots events.
There was a brief discussion about what might be involved in that.

Jen said that she is still potentially interested in running a new nz.js(con);
conference, and that having an engaged society Committee would be helpful in
progressing that.

In light of the two proposals above, and also because the liquidation would by
necessity be an incremental process, the Committee resolved to keep the Society
running until at least the next AGM, whereupon the question of whether to keep
running or not can be discussed across the broader membership.

Because of this "limbo" period while this is being resolved, the Committee
discussed temporarily reducing the cost of Memberships to the Society to 0. This
should not cause any financial hardship to the Society until we can reconsider
the issue at the next AGM.

## Actions

* Owen to set up Fabian for bank account access & other Treasurer duties
* Owen to set membership payments to 0
* Owen to draft email to send to membership
* Jen to renew domain & update domain contact details
* Fabian to explore potential for Nodebots renewal & seek guidance from original Nodebots team
* Jen to find out where previous conference prep got to & make a proposal for 2020
