Date: 7 July 2015   
Time: 7pm   
Location: Google Hangouts  
Video: https://plus.google.com/events/cen3k512s1jrlo2ie2glo20dtuc

# Agenda

[Agenda items](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/milestones/Meeting-2015-01)

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Walter Rumsby - President
* Alex Gibson - Treasurer
* Blair McBride - Secretary
* Jen Zajac - Officer
* Owen Evans - Officer
* Craig Spence - Officer
* Kevin Isom - Officer


# Minutes

## [#1](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/1) - CampJS
* Discussed some outside of meeting, incl with Tim
* Possibly join forces with RubyCamp to start with?
  * Less work
  * More diverse audience
  * Need to make contact
* Need to investigate costs - eg, venue for weekend
* Need someone dedicated to run it, if doing it standalone - lot of work, if not much first-hand experience?
* Related: JS-Conf? One-shot?
  * Not right away, to revisit in a few months
  * Aim for grass-roots/cheaper than eg WDCNZ
  * In spirit of camp, but without camping
  * Can be more inclusive without the camping aspect
	
## [#2](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/2) - Shared bank account for events
* Went over existing issue comments
* Wellington JS meeting - ~$1k per meetup (ouch!)
  * Needs sponsorship each time
* How to manage limits/buckets for events?
* Previous .NET meetup used expense claims, from same group of money nationally. Bucket size based on meetup size
* Nodebots sponsorships already going into society account
* Think bigger companies more likely to sponsor entire society, rather than individual events?
* Need to get data on costs/sponsorships from existing meetups
  * & get in contact, see if existing meetups would like to link to society - mix of support from society/event specific sponsorships
  * Need to compile a list of meetups
* Meetup.com - get paid account for society, let meetups use that - reduces costs
* Provide video equipment to meetups? Can also help distribute (& brand) video

## [#3](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/3) - Accountant
* Rules state only needed if >5% request audit
* Costly
* Unlikely to need it for now
* Decided not needed for now

## [#4](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/4) - Membership access
* Went over existing comments in issue
* Do we need infrastructure of WildApricot etc? If yearly subs, likely 
  * Hard to project membership count
    * Lucky to get 100 in first year?
  * Blair/Alex tried and did not like WildApricot
  * Alex happy to send out invoices manually for now, adjust as need-be in the future
* Membership cost? Intentionally not in rules
  * Waged members - $20? Yearly
  * Others, variable/discount??
    * Not worth it until the society has a clear value-add. Arguably don't have that yet
  * Registrations via email
* Membership motivation
  * Solely to support the society for now
  * Passion focused, rather than value focussed - to start with
    * Less pressure, doesn't constrain us while still starting/finding our way
  * Website badge for people? No cost to us, gives people something to show, gives us publicity
  * TODO: setup membership registration email address - membership@javascript.org.nz
  * For registration, we need just name/pseudonym and email address
  * Make poster to advertise society & how to become member

## [#5](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/5) Common seal/logo

* Jared did some potential designs. Will be added to the issue.
* Designs welcome
* Will gather designs, vote somehow 

## Money

* Officially have bank account \o/
* Have some moneys in account from Nodebots sponsorship
  * 20 Nodebots kits bought 
    * In Xero inventory
    * Have already been shipped around NZ for events
      * Some gotchas with shipping :\ Need to be careful of size/weight, can save buying sets of labels
    * Nodebots tickets costs much of cost/upkeep
    * Nodebots discount for members?
      * Maybe eventually, but too complex/not worth it for now?
      * Evaluate after a year, once we know how it's all worked out?
    * Nodebots is getting regular sponsorship
	
## Misc

* Do regular monthly committee meeting?
  * 6 weeks better? Quarterly?
	  * Quarterly decided. Next committee meeting in October
	* Gitter channel (& Twitter) for more frequent discussion works well
	* Society related passwords in LassPass - committee to contact Secretary for access
	* Have Twitter account @javascript_nz. Get Buffer.com account, tweet via that?
	* How far does society reach, for events/meetups?
	  * Nodeschools, Angular, etc - as long as it's JS, makes the society stronger
  * Aim for AGM to be before tax is needed to be sorted
  * Tax return: Can use Xero!
