Date: 9 December 2015   
Time: 8pm   
Location: Google Hangouts
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tlst7ohzs70

# Agenda

Agenda items:  https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues?q=milestone%3ACommittee-2015-12-09

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Owen Evans (owen) - Officer
* Blair McBride (unfocused) - Secretary
* Alex Gibson (prototypealex) - Treasurer
* Jen Zajac (jenofdoom) - Officer
* Craig Spence (phenomnomnominal) - Officer
* Vimal Jobanputra (vim) - Officer
* *LATE:* Kevin Isom (kev) - Officer
* *LATE:* Walter Rumsby (wrumsby) - President

Owen acting as chair.

# Minutes

## [#23](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/23) Financial year changeover
**Owner:** Alex   
Alex sent relevant forms to IRD, but not heard back yet. Alex to follow-up.

## [#6](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/6) Donations - how do they work??
**Owner:** Alex   
Alex has meet with some companies to discuss this. Need to create a sponsorship prospectus - no solid work on this yet (swamped with NodeBots instead), on the to-do list.

## [#14](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/14) Codes of Conduct
**Owner:** Blair   
[Draft of Codes of Conduct](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Documentation/pull/14) put up for review a while ago, people [generally very happy with it](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/14). One issue brought up around wording in community CoC around publically naming people - decided to drop. Instead reword to suggest referral to NZ Police. 
Decided to have committee vote this in as a bylaw, as opposed to a membership vote (because we *need* this).

Voted in by committee - 6/6 (of attending)

Blair to commit final documents to repo.

## [#33](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/33) A/V equipment
**Owner:** Craig   
Some discussion previously about having A/V equipment owned by society, to be shared around the country (events, community meetups), for talks to be recorded and shared online. Downside: good equipment can be expensive (but this is a reason for the society to own it).
Alex has attempted to use Canon 5Dmk2 camera for NodeBots (and webcam for backup) - both terrible! And unable to get any *good* recommendations from people. May need to find professional that could recommend some amateur gear.

Vimal suggests a possible compromise: recording screencast (for slides, and audio from speaker)

Equipment recommended (by sound engineer) to Atomic for their meeting room may work (or at least provide insight), ~$700 for sound only. Yet to test.
TradeMe has a decent setup for their meetings, may provide inspiration. Craig to get details.

NodeBots has potential budget for this (Would sponsors have a problem with this being shared to non-NodeBots events? Unlikely). Also some unallocated cash from membership fees (likely not enough by itself).

Todo: make proposal for kit, for budget

## [#24](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/24) Method for voting/attaining quorum in meetings
**Owner:** Blair   
Suggested we decide on and more formally document for future meetings. To discuss on Slack and solicit thoughts from members (especially on how last AGM went), and propose draft documentation. Also to look into 3rd party Slack add-on to facilitate voting.

## [#34](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/34) How to help usergroups/community meetups
**Owner:** Kevin  
Some discussion previously on this, on how to help/facilitate usergroups:
* Sponsorship (see [#17](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/17))
* Help with venues
* No iron fist - local community knows best, we just want to offer help
* Need to talk to people running events/groups

Committee agreed to assign Kevin to work as official user-group liaison officer.

## [#35](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/35) JSConf NZ (or JSCamp)
**Owner:** Jen   
Jen has jotted down many thoughts on this, and has gotten some feedback. Some discussion over whether it would work to combine a JSConf & JSCamp, or either with WDCNZ.

General interest and positive feedback. Would need society sponsorship and committee agreement.

WDCNZ is happening late 2016, and would like a more secure parent group - possibly JSNZ? Conf brings over 4-6 international speakers - good resource, could also come to JSConf/JSCamp? Would help generally generate buzz. WDCNZ is a general webdev conference - not just JS, but has synergy with JS-NZ. Has good recipe for working, doesn't want to impose on JS-NZ.

Has initial buy-in from committee, needs more detailed proposal.

Some concern about running directly after conference & about conference fatigue. However, WDCNZ has no intention for workshops this year - so just one day. Also noted that spreading things out helps some people with attending *something* (instead of missing out on everything at once).

Proposal to spread conf around NZ each year - helps with getting attendance. But proposal to run first in Welly.

Jen assigned as owner.

Todo: Create sub-committee. Do sub-committee type stuff. Owen to jot down notes from his experience with WDCNZ (notably financial stuff).

## Misc

### NodeBots organisation
Nodebots has a somewhat unofficial "subcommittee" (airquotes needed) - any rules for this? Probably nope!

### Treasurer role
Alex getting swamped with NodeBots *and* treasurer - needs help. Question to hand over role either perm or temp. Owen to step up as acting temp treasurer, Alex to remain official treasurer.

Need to get accountant. Owen to create proposal to sort this out.

### NodeBots sponsorship
Got another $2k sponsorship for nodebots. Still discussing on Slack what to spend it on.

### Website
Needs sorted! Blair owns this - Vim/craig have offered to help

# Next meeting
Next meeting sometime early Feb. Exact date/time TBD.
