Date: 27 October 2015   
Time: 8pm   
Location: Google Hangouts  
Video: https://plus.google.com/u/0/events/cmd3qj0s4jr3ndsheetvohqgo4k

# Agenda

Agenda items:  https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues?q=milestone%3ACommittee-2015-10-27

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Walter Rumsby - President
* Alex Gibson - Treasurer
* Blair McBride - Secretary
* Jen Zajac - Officer
* Owen Evans - Officer
* Craig Spence - Officer
* Graham Jenson - Officer

# Minutes

## [#23](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/23) - Financial year boundary change
* does it cost us money to file the change?
    - actually it doesn't
    - changing it will bring us in line with when we need to report on
    - but there will be a bit of fiddling because of the changeover  - Alex happy to take care of this
    - need to go to vote of all members because it's a rules change
        * email out to all membership, need to just ask if there is any dissent (no reply = happy with proposal)
            - allow 14 days for responses
            - also post up to slack channel
            - some discussion about how much notification we need to give for discussions of this kind
            - Owen going to word comms, Blair can send
        * should we change the rules about changing the rules?
            - should be better organised for the next AGM, so no

## [#29](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/29) Flying speakers to meetups
* this particular specific issue resolved, but can we do this generally?
    - we need to make sure that funds are used according to what the sponsors or funding
    - would we have to take care of accomodation to?
    - if we get notable people in the country from abroad could help to get them to meetups?
    - it's not in the budget right now
    - could get corporate sponsorship for specific things, but need organising

* can we encourage greater communication between different meetups?
    - Kevin (not present at meeting) has been doing some organising on the front
    - main issues seem to be sponsorship and getting venues
    - can use the slack to foster discussion - and have a specific channel for getting speakers
    - need a user group liason - check if Kevin is interested in doing this, or we can elect another committee member to look after it

## [#30](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/30) and [#6](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/6) Donations to the society

* tax is applicable to all donations
* should we be offering corporate memberships?
    - would require a rules change - leave until next AGM
* prospectus needed to attract sponsors
    - rewards for sponsors - space for advertising for jobs
    - do we need specific events for sponsors to be putting money forwards?
        * not necessarily, some companies happy to sponsor more broadly
* offer of website hosting
    - need a sponsorship agreement for in-kind sponsors
    - we should have a fixed time for the agreement, 12 months to start
    -  need to be able to switch providers if needed
* Treasurer should do initial vetting of potential sponsors and present to committee
* Need to set out what events sponsorship goes towards so sponsors see their expectations are met
    - different types of events - regular ongoing vs annual "special" events
    - put together skeleton prospectus for ongoing sponsors
* We should record all sponsorship and contacts so we can follow up next year
* Much easier to get sponsors to contribute to the society rather than individuals
* Meetups sponsorship - would have to be per attendee because larger = more expensive
* Video recording of talks is great for sponsors
* Alex putting together draft prospectus for feedback

## [#14](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/14) - Anti Harrassment Policy
* [draft is in pull request in github](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Documentation/pull/14)
* can go through unless anyone has a comment

## Misc
* Next monthly meeting will be end of November
* Subcommittees needed to get some smaller bits done e.g. website, can discuss in slack channel

