Date: 26 October 2015   
Time: 7:30pm   
Location: Google Hangouts  
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjgysDnTlp8

# Agenda

Agenda items: https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues?q=milestone%3ANodeBots-2015-10-26

# Attendance
* Alex Gibson
* Elf Eldridge
* Mayur Panchal
* Jacob Duval

# Minutes

## Event proposals / Call for help
This question was raised to solve the problem of finding people to run events that NodeBots have been requested to either attend or run. The outcome is that Elf, Mayur, and Alex will be running 2 Wellington events, one on the 21st of November, being a general attendance NodeBots event, and one on the 5th, being a Organisers Event, where we’ll teach others how to run events and whats involved with NodeBots. Jacob has also booked in the 25th of November in to run an event in Auckland, and Alex will ensure the kit makes it up there in time.

## Decide how NodeBots should be managed
Alex raised this as a problem, up until now NodeBots has been primarily Alex organising the kit, deciding on what to buy next and the direction, planning and running events in Wellington, and sending the kit to other cities. Now we’ve split it up into others helping run events, namely anyone who put up their hand in the [Slack channel](https://javascriptnewzealand.slack.com/messages/nodebots/) and on GitHub; the direction and choice of what gear we buy will be outsourced to the attendees of events, after every event we’ll be asking people what they’d like to see next in NodeBots. I’ll still be buying and maintaining the gear and sending it around the country, but the direction and running of events will be lifted from Alex's plate and spread out to the wider community.

## Discuss the direction of NodeBots
Raised as a question to help define our target audience and target goals it was decided that for the next year, we will target adults, mainly because of the lack of adult hardware hack events that are available, compared to the hack events available for kids/teenagers. This is not to say we won’t support others addressing kids/teenagers, in fact we’re committed to help organisations like CoderDojo and CodeClub out by loaning them equipment and doing demonstrations. It’s just our primary target audience will remain Adults. This also allows us to take an easier path while creating learning resources, as creating resources for kids specifically may prove more difficult than adult based learning resources.

Also, as mentioned before, the direction of the gear we obtain, i.e. boats, rockets, robots, etc. Will be decided upon by the attendees of NodeBots events.

## Decide on the next set of gear to buy for NodeBots
Right now we have $2100 in the kitty, with that we will be spending roughly $1000 replacing broken and damaged parts, and the additional money will be used to get 1-2 drones and/or Spheros, for demonstration purposes and to gauge the viability of running a NodeBots drone specific event. Alex has ordered parts already for the replacements, and has begun asking around for discounts off Parrot AR drones and Spheros.
