Date: 2nd October 2016

Time: 8pm

Location: Google Hangouts

Video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEIGavPnbYg&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEIGavPnbYg&feature=youtu.be)

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Alex
* Anna
* Stevie
* James
* Jen
* Kevin

# Minutes

## Round of introductions

## [#49](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/49)JS Community heroes
**Owner:** Alex

The idea of calling out those unsung heroes in the community around us. Do we have one award? Or categories of awards? The question was asked about how to stop this becoming too clicky. Jen mentioned that good timing of this would be at nz.js(con) provided it's all well defined and we have given people enough time to vote.

## [#47](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/47) History on Slack
**Owner:** Alex

The JavascriptNZ Slack channel has reached enough users that we cannot save conversation history anymore without paying a whole bunch of money. Ryan is getting in touch with Slack to see if he can sweet talk them into giving it to the society for free. Alex to chase him up see where that's at.

## [#45](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/45) What are we offering
**Owner:** Alex

There's still a bit of a question about what exactly the society can offer sponsors. Thinks like logos on our website and shoutouts at meetups are a couple of things but we need to be a bit more specific for the prosal document that Alex has been writing. Alex to chase up some of our corporate sponsors and ask them what is is that *they* want.

There was also a question about whether sponsors could provide funding to hire a community manager part time. After the conference may be a better time to discuss this (presuming the conference acts as a megaphone of sorts about the society and community).

## [#38](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/38) Learning materials
**Owner:** Anna

How can we distribute some of the books that the society has and where can we store them? EDA came up as a good place to store them (if they are keen) as the students can have access to them and it's an easy place for local committee members to get to in order to send the books to whoever wants to borrow them. Anna is going to chat to Rohan to see if they can help out.

## Website update
**Owner:** James

Technical issues has meant that James has only got things working recently and still doesn't have anything hosted. He will be aiming to have something up on Heroku (or anywhere else that suits) in the next 2-3 weeks and will be asking others for content help once it's up there. Really aiming to have something live before next committee meeting.

## js.nz(con) update
**Owner:** Jen

We have one platnium sponsor (woo!) and two gold sponsors(woo!). There's still a bunch more emailing to be done. The website for that will be live shortly (via Github Pages). The committee will be asked to do a quick read through first to nab any typos etc. The venue has been sorted and an AV company has been contacted. The AV company will need volutneers to help with the videos. More info on that closer to the time. Would be nice to have CFPs out by late October. Society members will be asked to help read through these.

Someone got in touch with Jen about a conference in Auckland so Jen is going to get back about what that is.
