Date: 15 February 2016

Time: 8pm

Location: Google Hangouts

Video: https://plus.google.com/events/c1d9n02lmk98va4du45f44f9tlg

# Agenda

Agenda items:  https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3ACommittee-2016-02-15

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Walter Rumsby (wrumsby) - President
* Owen Evans (owen) - Officer
* Alex Gibson (prototypealex) - Treasurer
* Jen Zajac (jenofdoom) - Officer
* Kevin Isom (kev) - Officer

# Minutes

## [#23](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/23) Move financial year changeover to 1st April
**Owner:** Alex

This issue can now be closed as it has be been actioned.


## [#34](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/34) Facilitate meetups
**Owner:** Kevin

Kevin was having connectivity issues and has provided an update on the issue ticket about some requests from the Christchurch meetup that will need following up.


## [#36](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/36) JS Conference NZ - run conference with Society's blessing
**Owner:** Jen

Jen provided a status update on the current progress for the conference - planning is proceeding well, with several sponsors having been approached and the city having been chosen as Wellington for this year.

Jen asked if it would be okay to proceed to on the basis that JavaScript NZ Incorporated's bank account be used. This was agreed unanimously.

It was requested that Jen present a more detailed budget at the next commitee meeting for some additional scrutiny by the committee.


## Misc

### Graham leaving committee

Due to an impending relocation, Graham needs to resign from his position on the JS NZ Incorporated committee.

Some discussion about whether to open the vacant position to be filed immediately, or to defer it until the AGM.

As the AGM is due relatively soon now (May), decision is unanimously taken to leave the position vacant until the AGM, whereupon it can be filled during a general call for officers.


### No tax on previous year

Alex reports that as we had no IRD number at the time, there was no tax for the  last financial year.


### Money in the Nodebots and Wellington meetup bank accounts right now

Alex reports that there is some money left over in both the nodebots and Wellington meetups buckets. It would be advantageous to spend these funds prior to the end of the financial year (April 1st) in order to avoid some additional taxes. The Nodebots money can be spent on equipment reasonably clearly; but the Wellington meetups money is not as straightforwards.

Jen suggests that those funds (approximately $570) can go towards some video recording gear, that can a prototype for meetup recording equipment for more meetups nationwide.

Delegated research to Craig (need to check his ability to take that on) to find out what to buy, and present a proposal at the next committee meeting as per issue [#33](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/33#issuecomment-184102472)


### Website

Parked for now, talk about at next meeting.


### Hiring an accountant

Owen to research a bit more and present at next meeting, as per issue [#21](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/21)


### Memberships

Can do a drive for more members now that the slack channel has 200+ members.

Jen to do the shoutout on the #general channel on [slack](https://javascriptnewzealand.slack.com/).


### Nodebots

Alex applying to council for funding for Occulus Rifts


# Next meeting

Next meeting toward middle of March - Owen to set up
