Date: 21 March 2016

Time: 8pm

Location: Google Hangouts

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrAmERNHUQk

# Agenda

Agenda items:  https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3ACommittee-2016-03-21

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance:
* Walter Rumsby (wrumsby) - President
* Owen Evans (owen) - Officer
* Jen Zajac (jenofdoom) - Officer
* Kevin Isom (kev) - Officer
* Craig Spence (phenomnomnominal) - Officer

# Minutes

## [#36](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/36) JS Conference NZ - run conference with Society's blessing
**Owner:** Jen

Jen provided a draft budget that was generally accepted, which looks to aim for an income of at least $56k with outgoings of $54k (leaving a small surplus as a safety net).

It was noted that the only thing missing from the draft budget was liability insurance - Jen took and action point to investigate this further.

It would be desirable to ensure that the conference runs before the end of the next fiscal year, for accounting reasons.

## [#21](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/21) Proposal to bring an accountant on for financial year 2015/2016
**Owner:** Owen

Owen will be meeting with an accountant as Enspiral tomorrow. The fee should be in the region of $450 per year, which will be coming from membership fees.

## [#33](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/33) Sourcing video recording capabilities for meetups
**Owner:** Alex

Alex was unable to attend the meeting but sent the following update which was recounted at the meeting:

    We’ve purchased a lapel mic and mobile phone Tripod, thanks to @phenomnomnominal and everyone else for the recommendations. If this turns out to work we could probably buy a few per city as they are relatively cheap (170 per setup).

## [#34](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/34) Facilitate meetups
**Owner:** Kevin

Kevin reported that the Christchurch meetup would like to fly a speaker in, with one of their sponsors footing the bill but running it through the society's bank account. If it comes in as a sponsorship that should be fine, and we could potentially ask if the same speaker might be willing to do the same for other local meetups.

## [#34](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/37) How shall we handle membership renewals.
**Owner:** Owen

We need to decide if everyone renews at same time, or on the anniversary of when they started. The former is simpler from an admin perspective, the latter is arguably 'fairer'. Suggestion that we could do the first option but give the small handful who registered just in the last couple of months a 'free' renewal to sync them up with everyone else.

Owen to consider further and put forward a proposal to be voted on at the AGM.

## [#38](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/38) Learning materials - How can we best handle these?
**Owner:** Alex

Alex was unable to attend the meeting but sent the following update which was recounted at the meeting:

    We’re just on the final stretch of sussing out the shared JS library, looking towards the Enspiral Dev Academy (Wellington) to host it. I’ve got a pile of books already to gifted to the library. We’ll need to have a meeting with the EDA to sort the final bits.

## Misc

### Nodebots updates from Alex

Alex was unable to attend the meeting but sent the following update which was recounted at the meeting:

    I’ve sent in an application for 5.5k of funding from Wellington City Council for a new VR project, entries close at the end of this month. Fingers crossed we get it so we can get two consumer VR headsets for the kit. As per the budget, we now have two large 6wd rovers in the nodebot kits, running on raspberry pi 3s. They are part of our progression from the standard sumobot kit on to more advanced things to allow people to come multiple times and not get bored.

### Upcoming AGM

At the end of the year, we should email the membership to say that the AGM will be in 60 days (end of May), and that nominations can be made via https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/committee-election(https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/committee-election), and what issues will be on the agenda.

# Next meeting

Next meeting will probably be the AGM - see the notes about the AGM above.
