# AGM 2019/2020

Date: 29th October 2020

Time: 7pm

Location: JavaScript New Zealand Slack in #society-agm channel

## Attendance

Committee members in attendance:
* Owen - President
* Jen - Secretary
* Fabian - Treasurer
* Kev
* Aurynn
* James P

## Minutes

As the meeting took place asyncronously over Slack it was agreed the there would be a 24 hour open period on the voting.

#### President's statement:

Owen as outgoing president:

> As I get to my last committee meeting as JSNZ Chair I would like to acknowledge a number of things and people that have taken us through the past few years. First off I have to point out the elephant in the room, that 2020 has been one hell of a year. If it has affected you directly or indirectly my heart goes out to each and every one of you as we have all been directly or indirectly impacted by the world turning on it’s head this year.On a more direct impact I want to acknowledge the hard work by Jen and the rest of the volunteers that worked hard to try and get nz.js(con) back this year only to have pandemic put pains to all the planning and force a reschedule to next year. Thank you! I know from my own experience how hard that has been with a lot of uncertainty. But thank you for your driving commitment to keep the conference idea going and I look forward to great things.Speaking of volunteers, this committee, this space, this society wouldn’t exist without many countless hours of volunteer work, from the committee and beyond. I want to thank each and every one of those who have put in time to create a diverse and open community, to help build a nurturing community and help foster a society that will, I believe, go from strength to strength.We need you all, and we couldn’t have done it without you. While this year might not be the greatest from a financial or activity point of view, but it may be the greatest from fostering a community and taking us to the next stage.As I step down from this position I have tried hard to fulfil with increasing commitments on my time I hope I hand over to a team that will continue to garner your support, I know they have mine. And I hope that more of you will become involved over the next year or so. We are a great community and I love the fact that it exists. Kia Kaha to all of you 

### Financial statement:

[Link to statement](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Documentation/blob/master/financials/JavaScript_New_Zealand_-_Financial_Report_2020.pdf).

The statement was accepted with 9 votes.

### Voting for committee nominees:

Nominees were as per the 2020 issues at the [election repo](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/committee-election/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed).

#### Fabian Cook for President

Passed with 9 votes for.

As the new president, at this point in the meeting Fabian took over as Chair of the meeting.

#### Jen Zajac for Secretary

Passed with 10 votes for.

#### Stevie Mayhew for General Member

Passed with 9 votes for.

#### Eduardo Rabelo for General Member

Eduardo was not available at the meeting. There were more abstentions than votes for, not passed.

#### Jae Huh for General Member

Passed with 9 votes for.

#### Julia Niall for General Member

Passed with 8 votes for.

#### Aurynn Shaw for Treasurer

Passed with 10 votes for.

### Farewell and thank you to outgoing committee members

Thank you to Owen, Kev and James P for their efforts on the committee over the last year.

### Reminder that members can raise issues for discussion by the committee

https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues
