**Date:** 23rd November 2020

**Time:** 7:30pm

**Location:** Google Meet

# Attendance
Committee members in attendance

- Fabian (president)
- Aurynn (treasurer)
- Jen (secretary)
- Stevie
- Julia
- Jae

# JS Committee Meeting - 23.11.2020

## Committee introductions

* Committee did a round of intros. Welcome to our new and returning members!

## nz.js(con);

* Summary of where we're at, broadly:
  - the conference was originally going to be November this year, however the pandemic made that impractical. It is moved back to June next year. Venue is locked in.
  - financials are looking OK, we have two Gold sponsors who have already paid up and at least two more who have verbally agreed to pay in the new year
  - the video recording service we used before is based in Australia so given the state of international travel we may not be able to sort that out. There are some more homerolled alternatives if necessary.
  - we'll be focussing on NZ based keynotes
  - the aim is to have CFP up mid-December (with a fairly longish open period), and tickets on sale Q1 next year.

## Issues from the society meetings tracker

### Issue 47 - [Get history on Slack](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/47)

* Fabian has a method for grabbing the full history via the export function
* No movement on the original investigation to get a charity status with Slack - we think this unlikely to pan out
* Should we use something else instead of Slack? That's a separate issue
* Should we make the export searchable externally? Could use slack as an auth provider to keep the access consistent with existing access
* Need to investigate further, e.g. what would the hosting cost be, how easy would it be to set something up based on the export
* Stevie is happy to investigate and report back
* Vote passed to begin this investigation

### Issue 71 - [Make committee voting anonymous](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/71)
* the current committee does not believe this is desirable, as it's both difficult to implement well, and we do need to record votes against names of society members
* if people are concerned about not being able to downvote where they believe it's applicable without social repercussions, the best thing to do is actually reach out to a committee member ahead of the AGM, ideally so we can do some extra due diligence before a vote is tabled
* we are closing this issue

### Issue 72 - [Better password management for Society accounts](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/72)

* as our original Lastpass solution has expired (and it didn't scale properly anyway), and investigations into alterantives only discovered that they're really expensive, we are currently using a locked down access spreadsheet
* the only people with access to this spreadsheet currently are Jen and Fabian, old committee members are now removed (and we still trust in their good intentions anyway)
* this is not an ideal solution but it is 'good enough'
* most accounts we have can have delegated auth via an individual's private account, anyway
* vote passed that using a spreadsheet is an OK solution for now

### Issue 78 - [Moderation process](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/78)

* the `/admin` command now exists in the Slack, and can be used to message mods - it might be good if we set a periodic reminder about it / add something to the topic in general
* that change probably closes out this old issue
* however, it's possible we might need some further thought into whether we have implicitly changed our polices about who we let into the channel?
* the changes here were originally to contend with the large number of spam accounts we were having join the channel, but there is probably more to discussed here, we'll open an issue to discuss this specifically next time

### Issue 79 - [Reducing channel count within Slack](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues/79)

* there are a lot of low activity channels, could we generate more conversation by consolidating some of them?
* channels are free, is there any harm in leaving them open?
* can't do this as a forceful 'you must', but we might be able to put a polite notice on channels with no activity about closing it / that people are free to start it again if they want
* Jen to draft a message and put it in the committee channel for some more consideration

## Other business

* we can gather some more issues for the next meeting if there are things on people's minds - if you're reading this any there's something you'd like us to explore [please raise an issue](https://github.com/JavaScript-NZ/Society-Meetings/issues) :)
* we will aim schedule the next meeting for 2 months from now (bi-monthly schedule)
